Turn tumor and normal allele frequencies to decimal and add tooltip (#1951)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Show an ellipsis if 10 cases or more to display with loqusdb matches
- Apply default gene panel on return to cancer variantS from variant view
- A new blog post for version 4.17
- Tooltip to better describe Tumor and Normal columns in cancer variants

### Fixed

### Changed

> - Turn tumor and normal allele frequencies to decimal numbers in tumor variants page

Reviewer: I'm being picky here. These values are not frequencies, but fractions 😁 

```suggestion
- Turn tumor and normal allelic fraction to decimal numbers in tumor variants page
```

Author: That's why I asked you!
